feat: Add remote image caching behaviour docs (#10377)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/guides/images.mdx

You can also choose to store your images remotely, in a [content management system (CMS)](/en/guides/cms/) or [digital asset management (DAM)](/en/guides/media/) platform.
Astro can fetch your data remotely using APIs or display images from their full URL path.

For extra protection when dealing with external sources, Astro's image components and helper function will only process (e.g. optimize, transform) images from [authorized image sources specified in your configuration](#authorizing-remote-images). Remote images from other sources will be displayed with no processing.

> #### Asset Caching

Reviewer: Might be interesting to note that local images are also cached.

Reviewer 2: @Princesseuh Do you think maybe an entire section on Image Caching would make sense?

Reviewer: I would say so! But it might be confusing for some users, since it's a bit more advanced than the rest and it's not something you interact with directly

});
```

## Asset Caching

> Astro stores processed image assets in a cache directory during site builds, for both local and [remote images from authorized sources](/en/guides/images/#authorizing-remote-images). By preserving the cache directory between builds, processed assets are reused, improving build time and bandwidth usage.
> The default cache directory is `./node_modules/.astro`, however this can be changed using the `cacheDir` configuration value.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Astro stores processed image assets in a cache directory during site builds, for both local and [remote images from authorized sources](/en/guides/images/#authorizing-remote-images). By preserving the cache directory between builds, processed assets are reused, improving build time and bandwidth usage.

The default cache directory is `./node_modules/.astro`, however this can be changed using the `cacheDir` configuration value.
```

> Astro stores processed image assets in a cache directory during site builds, for both local and [remote images from authorized sources](/en/guides/images/#authorizing-remote-images). By preserving the cache directory between builds, processed assets are reused, improving build time and bandwidth usage.
> The default cache directory is `./node_modules/.astro`, however this can be changed using the `cacheDir` configuration value.
> 
> <ReadMore>See the configuration reference for [`cacheDir`](/en/reference/configuration-reference/#cachedir)</ReadMore>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Astro stores processed image assets in a cache directory during site builds for both local and [remote images from authorized sources](/en/guides/images/#authorizing-remote-images). By preserving the cache directory between builds, processed assets are reused, improving build time and bandwidth usage.

The default cache directory is `./node_modules/.astro`, however this can be changed using the [`cacheDir`](/en/reference/configuration-reference/#cachedir) configuration setting.
```
The `cacheDir` entry isn't very exciting 😅 , so it feels like a little much to give it an entire "Read More" link!

### Remote Images

Remote images in the asset cache are managed based on [HTTP Caching](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Caching), and respect the [Cache-Control header](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Cache-Control) returned by the remote server.
Images are cached if the Cache-Control header allows, and will be used until they are no longer [fresh](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Caching#fresh_and_stale_based_on_age).

#### Revalidation

<p><Since v="5.1.0" /></p>

> [Revalidation](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Caching#validation) reduces bandwidth usage and build time by checking with the remote server if an expired cached image is still up-to-date. If the server indicates that the image is still fresh, the cached version is reused, otherwise the image is redownloaded.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Revalidation](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Caching#validation) reduces bandwidth usage and build time by checking with the remote server whether an expired cached image is still up-to-date. If the server indicates that the image is still fresh, the cached version is reused, otherwise the image is redownloaded.
```
tiny grammar nit, but in general, this is all super well written and I really appreciate it!

> Revalidation requires the remote server to send [Last-Modified](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Last-Modified) and/or [Etag (entity tag)](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/ETag) headers with its responses, and to support the [If-Modified-Since](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/If-Modified-Since) and [If-None-Match](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/If-None-Match) headers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Revalidation requires that the remote server send [Last-Modified](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Last-Modified) and/or [Etag (entity tag)](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/ETag) headers with its responses. This feature is available for remote servers that support the [If-Modified-Since](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/If-Modified-Since) and [If-None-Match](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/If-None-Match) headers.
```
I know it looks worse in Markdown, but still tried to split this up into two more manageable chunks.
